c:\users\miłosz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\MvcMovie.dll
c:\users\miłosz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\MvcMovie.pdb
c:\users\miłosz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\miłosz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\miłosz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\miłosz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\miłosz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\miłosz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\miłosz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\miłosz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\miłosz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\miłosz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\miłosz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\miłosz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\miłosz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\miłosz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\miłosz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\miłosz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\miłosz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.dll
c:\users\miłosz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.pdb
C:\Users\Miłosz\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Miłosz\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.Migrations.ratunek.resources
C:\Users\Miłosz\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
